BDD is a software development process that evolved from TDD. It emphasizes collaboration between developers, tester and business stakeholders to creat an Application. 
Methodology using Behaviour Driven Development (BDD).
User Story:
Format- User story are written in format as the user explain the about the application.
Purpose- User describe all the requirement feature in the application.
 
Example: User want to develop the chat application so he say that he want to be able to interact with other users through a chat application, So that he can send the message and receive the message.
Scenario:
Sending message-
 Logged in to chat application
Choose a user to chat with like WhatsApp
Convey message like “Hello”
Send the message
 
Receiving Message-
Logged in the chat application
 Receive a message from user
 See the message
Read the message
 Send the replay if it required.
Methodology using Test Driven Development:
Write a Test:
Goal- Write a test case for a new function of feature.
Output- A test case specifies the desired functionality.
Guideline-The test should be simple, specific, and focused on one aspect of the functionality. Initially, the test will fail because the functionality in not yes implemented.
 
def test_send_message();
chat=ChatApplication()
sender= User
receiver= User
message= “Hello”
chat.send_message(sender, receive, message)
 
Run the Test:
The test fails because the add function not exist.
 
Write the code:
Function sendMessage(sender, receiver, message);
Add message to receiver inbox
 
or
class ChatApplication:
def send_message(sender, receiver, message);
receiver.receive_message(“Hello”)
 
classs user
def init(name);
name=vivek
message=Hello
 
def receive_message= (Hello)
message.append(Hello)
 
Run All Test:
The Test passes.
 
Refactor the code:
Goal- Enhance code quality
Output-Cleaner, More systematic code
Guideline-Enhance readability, Remove redundancy.
Repeat:
Write additional tests for new feature and repeat the cycle
 
Methodology For Feature Driven Development:-
Domain Object Modelling:
Creat a Chat application representing key entities as Sender, Receiver and Messages.
User
Message
Group chat
 
Feature List:
User Authentication
Sending Message
Receiver Message
Group Chat
 
Plan by Feature:
Start with basics features like user authentication, sending and receiving messages.
Progress to more advance feature like Multimedia support, Emoji etc.
 
Design by Feature: (Design each feature focusing on its specific requirement and user interface and Define interface, data structure and integration.)
Design the interface for composing and sending messages.
Define the message formant and data structure for storing message.
 
Build by Feature:
Implement user registration and login function.
Integrate user authentication with other feature like sending and receiving message.
